**COLDER56237 - 11XPR**

Raeisse Ul-Sinouester took a long drag from his vape pen. It would
possibly be only a few more smoke breaks before he would be completely
out of the nicotinol-Super4 solution. In the past he had diluted his
supply to stave off withdrawals, to keep himself presentable for
long-haul stellar logistics gigs<sup>1</sup>. It wasn’t his priority
now. He had to fuel his obsession. With a mind like a cool mountain
stream he would crack the mystery of this outpost and connect with
someone who could bring him back to a civilized planet. Somewhere with
glittering projections, microbial wines, central plumbing and amenable
female bodies. Putting away the vape, he watched a solitary plume of
smoke rising from the east. The nearest town, he presumed. He had
enjoyed spotting the sparkles of light reflecting off their binoculars
from time to time during his stay. Evidently they wanted nothing to do
with their new neighbour and the feeling was quite mutual. He stepped
back inside his laboratory and brought the heavy steel door closed
behind him.

For the next few hours he tinkered at his computers. When Raeisse had
first found the place he noticed that the previous occupant<sup>2</sup>
had begun some sort of basic communications project. The huge aerial was
picking up on a mysterious signal that was defying basic decoding.
Limited by skills or imagination the initial setup was procedurally
filtering and cross-comparing the signal to a basic set of transmission
protocols: Television, Radio, Internet, Stellarcom, Pathing and
Droid-pings. Recognising the futility of such an arrangement he had
spent months reformatting and linking the building's existing server
racks to perform a broader analysis. He was using an advanced
analytic-generative model to hone in on the data stream. Raeisse was a
very smart man. The challenge represented a perfect opportunity to him.
The brightest gems can spill forth from the toughest geode.

There was a small window above a sink on the southern wall of the
building. It was the only window on the ground floor. Someone was
tapping at it. Raeisse’s heart jumped into his throat as he saw some
great mannish shape darkening the warm sunset glow. The figure was
tapping and then waving again periodically, beckoning towards the door.
Raeisse picked up his pistol and felt its loaded weight in his right
hand. He had only test fired it a few times after finding it here
amongst some discarded clothes. The cartridge would take crude heavy
metal cylinder rounds but he had no casting mold to make more.He slid
open the door as he placed his pistol in his pocket.

There were two figures waiting outside. 

The man had brown skin, a bald dome and modest black facial hair, just
starting to turn grey on his upper lip. He was dressed in a dark blue
raincoat that appeared to have a number of small electronic parts
embedded in it, connected by wires that dived in and out of the exterior
material layer in splashes of crude hand-stitching. His boots, pants and
pack were all of decent make for a wanderer’s lifestyle.

The woman was taller than would be seen on any civilized world, and more
strongly built too. Her blonde hair was shaved close to her head. The
graveness of these features contrasted mightily with her face, which was
round in shape with large expressive eyes and mouth. She was expressing
a solemn pout at this time. The pattern of fading and wearing of her
orange rubber jacket clearly revealed the outline of micro-light armour
plates installed into the inner layers of the garment. Her boots and
pants were of a more military grade, complementing the huge rifle
loosely hanging from her shoulder. The origin of the weapon was clearly
from the civilized worlds, likely made for the purpose of hunting
beast-game on reserves. The barrel looked original but some of the
fittings had clearly been remade with local pig-iron replacement parts.
It had wavy, chipping stripes of green, white and blue paint in a few
places. In addition to the main battery bank behind the ammunition
cartridge, a number of other batteries and electrical parts<sup>3</sup>
were affixed to the wooden stock. Rags of colourful fabric and small
tassels were tied and looped all along the weapon’s underside.

The bald man spoke.

“Afternoon stranger, I’m Ben and this is my er, fellow traveller, Gonne.
Hope we didn’t scare you y’know. We’ve just seen this place from the
village down that way. To be honest we just wanted to know if we could
check out this building you’ve stumped up in?”

>*1 I have grown so tired of my stupid and slow colleagues. The junction
engineer is the worst of them all. Three times now on this journey I
have faked an issue report from the rear-most coupling. The round trip
down and back up the train takes him 6 hours walking. A good time to
read.*

>*2 Broken glass all over the photograph of Therese. Grasping at the
shards and clutching his side in another inhuman twisting of pain, fat
wet tears smeared between the tiles and his cheek. Their new life had
foundered on the rocks, in a million humiliating ways now.*

>*3 “So, do you feel bad about taking it with you?” “I earned it in
ceremony Ben, it’s mine like a tattoo.” “if it’s not out of place, I
think I can see a few ways to upgrade a little.”*