**THROWN89 - 1OEP**

Raeisse Ul-Sinouester took a long drag from his vape pen. In a few more
smoke breaks before he would be completely out of the
nicotinol-Super4<sup>1</sup> solution. In the past he had diluted his
supply to stave off withdrawals, to keep himself presentable for
long-haul stellar logistics gigs. It wasn’t his priority now. He was a
slave to his obsession. With his mind hot and buzzing like an engine he
would crack the mystery of this outpost and connect with someone who
could bring him back to a civilized planet. Somewhere with glittering
projections, microbial wines, central plumbing and commissionable female
bodies. Putting away the vape, he watched a solitary plume of smoke
rising from the east. The nearest town, he presumed. He had enjoyed
spotting the sparkles of light reflecting off their binoculars from time
to time during his stay. Of course, they wanted nothing to do with their
reclusive new neighbour and the feeling was quite mutual. He stepped
back inside his laboratory and brought the heavy steel door closed
behind him. His lair was made from corrugated steel plates and I-Beam
girders. The exterior walls were painted with a thick and gummy plastic
coating, the colour of which was a noncommittal seafoam green. It was
faded and cracking at some corners, and the overall look was not
dissimilar to the pale green lichens<sup>2</sup> growing on the southern
facing wall.

For the next few hours he tinkered at his computers. When Raeisse had
first found the place he noticed that the previous occupant had begun
some sort of crude communications project. The huge aerial was picking
up on a mysterious signal that was defying basic decoding. Limited by
skills or imagination the initial setup was procedurally filtering and
cross-comparing the signal to a basic set of transmission protocols:
Television, Radio, Internet, Stellarcom, Pathing and Droid-pings.
Recognising the futility of such an arrangement he had spent months
reformatting and linking the building's existing server racks to perform
a broader analysis. He was using an analytic-generative
model<sup>3</sup> to hone in on the data stream. Raeisse had always been
an incredibly smart man. The challenge represented a perfect opportunity
to him. The priciest gems can spill forth from the toughest geode.

There was a small window above a sink on the southern wall of the
building. It was the only window on the ground floor. Someone was
tapping at it. Raeisse’s heart jumped into his throat as he saw some
great mannish shape darkening the amber sunset glow. The figure was
tapping and then gesturing wildly, beckoning towards the door. Raeisse
moved his small pistol to his right hand jacket pocket and slowly pulled
aside the sliding door with his left.

There were two figures standing outside. 

The man had brown skin, a bald dome and modest black facial hair,
turning grey on his upper lip. He was dressed in a dark blue raincoat
that appeared to have a number of small electronic parts embedded in it,
connected by wires that dived in and out of the exterior material layer
in splashes of crude hand-stitching. His boots, pants and pack were of a
very unfamiliar make. The cut and leather of the boots was not
recognisable and the pants and pack were of a thickly textured brown
textile made with a coarse natural fibre. Tiny threads of yellow, red
and orange were mixed into the weave.

The woman was taller than would be seen on any civilized
world<sup>4</sup>, and more strongly built too. Her blonde hair was
shaved close to her head. The graveness of these features contrasted
mightily with her face, which was round in shape with large expressive
eyes and mouth. She was expressing a bored pout at this time. The
pattern of fading and wearing of her orange rubber jacket clearly
revealed the outline of micro-light armour plates installed into the
inner layers of the garment. Her boots and pants were of a more military
grade, complementing the huge rifle loosely hanging from her shoulder.
Looking closely the pants were of the same material as the mans but dyed
black, and with thin white, green and blue threads.

The bald man spoke.

“Afternoon stranger, I’m Ben and this is my er, fellow traveller, Gonne.
Hope we didn’t scare you y’know. We’ve just seen this place from the
village down that way. To be honest we just wanted to know if we could
check out this building you’ve stumped up in?”

>*1 Having faced regulatory punishment in many systems the development of
Super2 and Super3 serums took place in the Wellyn Amalgamated Planet
League. Black market supplies of these solutions led to increased
organised crime and eventually the University of New Putt developed
Super4 as a reportedly safer alternative product.*

>*2 See: Genus Parmotrema lichens*

>*3 Raeisse’s AG model could be considered a type 2 virtual processor by
the standards of the 185th Central Institute Interstellar Conference on
Adaptive Computation. By the time of the 189th CIICAC type 2 processors
would be considered obsolete due to lack of Index-Native functionality.*

>*4 Article 15 of the Civility Central Accords prescribes the inalienable
right of the parent in pursuing culturally-appropriate eugenia and
euphysis. The article expounds the nature of Bio-Cultural Autonomy in
Civilized Societies.*