**SPANNER7497812 - 9XEH**

Raeisse Ul-Sinouester took a long drag from his vape pen. It would
possibly be only a few more smoke breaks before he would be completely
out of the nicotinol-Super4<sup>1</sup> solution. In the past he had
diluted his supply to stave off withdrawals, to keep himself presentable
for long-haul stellar logistics gigs. It wasn’t his priority now. He had
fallen in love with a new obsession. With a mind like a cool mountain
stream he would crack the mystery of this outpost and connect with
someone who could bring him back to a civilized planet. Somewhere with
glittering projections, microbial wines, central plumbing and amenable
female bodies. Putting away the vape, he watched a solitary plume of
smoke rising from the east. The nearest town, he presumed. He had
counted the sparkles of light reflecting off their binoculars from time
to time during his stay. They wanted nothing to do with their new
neighbour and the feeling was quite mutual. He stepped back inside his
laboratory and brought the heavy steel door closed behind him.

For the next few hours he tinkered at his computers. When Raeisse had
first found the place he noticed that the previous occupant had begun an
intriguing communications project. The huge aerial was picking up on a
mysterious signal that was defying basic decoding. The limited initial
setup was procedurally filtering and cross-comparing the signal to a
basic set of transmission protocols: Television, Radio, Internet,
Stellarcom, Pathing and Droid-pings. Recognising the futility of such an
arrangement he had spent months reformatting and linking the building's
existing server racks to perform a broader analysis. He was using an
advanced analytic-generative model<sup>2</sup> to hone in on the data
stream. Raeisse was a very smart man. The challenge represented a
perfect opportunity to him. The brightest gems can spill forth from the
toughest geode, was his belief.

There was a small window above a sink on the southern wall of the
building. It was the only window on the ground floor. Someone was
tapping at it. Raeisse’s heart jumped into his throat as he saw some
great mannish shape darkening the warm sunset glow. The figure was
tapping and then waving again periodically, beckoning towards the door.
Raeisse picked up his pistol and felt its loaded weight in his right
hand. He had only test fired it a few times after finding it here
amongst some discarded clothes. The cartridge would take crude heavy
metal cylinder rounds but he had no casting mold<sup>3</sup> to make
more.He slid open the door as he placed his pistol in his pocket.

There were two figures waiting outside. 

The man had brown skin, a bald dome and modest black facial hair, just
starting to turn grey on his upper lip. Dry, cracking lips pressed into
a warm smile. He was dressed in a dark blue raincoat that appeared to
have a number of small electronic parts embedded in it, connected by
wires that dived in and out of the exterior material layer in splashes
of crude hand-stitching. His boots, pants and pack were all of decent
make for a wanderer’s lifestyle.

The woman was taller than would be seen on any civilized
world<sup>4</sup>, and more strongly built too. Her blonde hair was
shaved close to her head. The graveness of these features contrasted
mightily with her face, which was round in shape with large expressive
eyes and mouth. She was expressing a bored frown at this time. The
pattern of fading and wearing of her orange rubber jacket clearly
revealed the outline of micro-light armour plates installed into the
inner layers of the garment. Her boots and pants were of a more military
grade, complementing the huge rifle loosely hanging from her shoulder.
The origin of the weapon was clearly from the civilized worlds, likely
made for the purpose of hunting beast-game on reserves. The barrel
looked original but some of the fittings had clearly been remade with
local replacement parts. It had wavy, chipping stripes of green, white
and blue paint in a few places. In addition to the main battery bank
behind the ammunition cartridge, a number of other batteries and
electrical parts were affixed to the wooden stock. Strips of colourful
fabric and small tassels were tied and looped all along the weapon’s
underside.

The bald man spoke.

“Afternoon stranger, I’m Ben and this is my er, fellow traveller, Gonne.
Hope we didn’t scare you y’know. We’ve just seen this place from the
village down that way. To be honest we just wanted to know if we could
check out this building you’ve stumped up in?”

>*1 Having faced regulatory challenges in many systems the development of
Super2 and Super3 serums took place in the Wellyn Amalgamated Planet
League. Black market supplies of these solutions led to social
disruption and eventually the University of New Putt developed Super4 as
a safer alternative product. Raiesse’s product however was sourced from
a grey market bulk dealer and is actually a Super4 substitute most
chemically similar to a Super2 solution.*

>*2 Raeisse’s AG model would be considered a type 1 virtual processor by
the standards of the 185th Central Institute Interstellar Conference on
Adaptive Computation. His model is engineered as a type 2 conference
processor but his convergent inclusion of internal redevelopment
functions is a defining type 1 characteristic. By the time of the 191st
CIICAC type 1 processors would be considered obsolete due to lack of
reversibility.*

>*3 Analysis of firearm use on Pheunten-B shows a preference for
improvised weapon gauges that are comparable to standard plumbing gauges
from salvaged ship engines. Sections of plumbing are used as basic molds
to create cylindrical lead stock.*

>*4  Article 15 of the Civility Central Accords prescribes the legal
right of the parent in pursuing culturally-appropriate eugenia and
euphysis. The article is one of 7 that are hotly contested by Heavenfold
Cult theologians.*
