**PERSPEX7698 - 7XEP**

Raeisse Ul-Sinouester took a long drag from his vape pen. It would be
only a few more smoke breaks before he would be completely out of the
nicotinol-Super4<sup>1</sup> solution. In the past he had diluted his
supply to stave off withdrawals, to keep himself marginally presentable
for long-haul stellar logistics gigs. It wasn’t his priority now. He was
a slave to his obsession.With his mind hot and buzzing like an engine he
would crack the mystery of this outpost and connect with someone who
could bring him back to a civilized planet. Somewhere with glittering
projections, microbial wines, central plumbing and commissionable female
bodies. Putting away the vape, he watched a solitary plume of smoke
rising from the east. The nearest town, he presumed. He had relished
spotting the sparkles of light reflecting off their binoculars from time
to time during his stay. Of course, they wanted nothing to do with their
new neighbour and the feeling was quite mutual. He stepped back inside
his laboratory and brought the heavy steel door closed behind him.

For the next few hours he tinkered at his computers. When Raeisse had
first found the place he noticed that the previous occupant had begun
some sort of crude communications project. The huge aerial was picking
up on a mysterious signal that was defying basic decoding. Limited by
skills or imagination the initial setup was procedurally filtering and
cross-comparing the signal to a basic set of transmission protocols:
Television, Radio, Internet, Stellarcom, Pathing and Droid-pings.
Recognising the plain futility of such an arrangement he had spent
months reformatting and linking the building's existing server racks to
perform a broader analysis. He was using an advanced analytic-generative
model<sup>2</sup> to hone in on the data stream. Raeisse was a very
smart man. The challenge represented a perfect opportunity to him. The
priciest gems can spill forth from the toughest geode.

There was a small window above a sink on the southern wall of the
building. It was the only window on the ground floor. Someone was
tapping at it. Raeisse’s heart jumped into his throat as he saw some
great mannish shape darkening the warm sunset glow. The figure was
tapping and then gesticulating wildly, beckoning towards the door.
Raeisse picked up his pistol and felt its loaded weight in his right
hand. He had only test fired it a few times after finding it here
amongst some wretched discarded clothes. The cartridge would take crude
heavy metal cylinder rounds but he had no casting mold<sup>3</sup> to
make more. He slid open the door as he placed his pistol in his pocket.

There were two figures standing outside. 

The man had brown skin, a bald dome and modest black facial hair,
turning grey on his upper lip. He was dressed in a dark blue raincoat
that appeared to have a number of small electronic parts embedded in it,
connected by wires that dived in and out of the exterior material layer
in splashes of crude hand-stitching. His boots, pants and pack were all
of decent make for a wanderer’s lifestyle.

The woman was taller than would be seen on any civilized
world<sup>4</sup>, and more strongly built too. Her blonde hair was
shaved close to her head. The graveness of these features contrasted
mightily with her face, which was round in shape with large expressive
eyes and mouth. She was expressing a dull frown at this time. The
pattern of fading and wearing of her orange rubber jacket clearly
revealed the outline of micro-light armour plates installed into the
inner layers of the garment. Her boots and pants were of a more military
grade, complementing the huge rifle loosely hanging from her shoulder.
The origin of the weapon was clearly from the civilized worlds, likely
made for the purpose of hunting farm-raised game on reserves. The barrel
looked original but some of the fittings had clearly been remade with
local pig-iron replacement parts. It had fading, chipped stripes of
green, white and blue paint in a few places. In addition to the main
battery bank behind the ammunition cartridge, a number of other
batteries and electrical parts were affixed to the wooden stock. Rags of
colourful fabric and small tassels were tied and looped all along the
weapon’s underside.

The bald man spoke.

“Afternoon stranger, I’m Ben and this is my er, fellow traveller, Gonne.
Sorry if we scared you y’know. We’ve just seen this place from the
village down that way. To be honest we just wanted to know if we could
check out this building you’ve stumped up in?”

>*1 Having faced regulatory challenges in many systems the development of
Super2 and Super3 serums took place in the Wellyn Amalgamated Planet
League. Black market supplies of these solutions led to unbridled
organised crime and eventually the University of New Putt developed
Super4 as a “safer” alternative product. Raiesse’s product however was
sourced from a grey market bulk dealer and is actually a Super4
substitute most chemically similar to a Super2 solution.*

>*2 Raeisse’s AG model would be considered a type 1 virtual processor by
the standards of the 185th Central Institute Interstellar Conference on
Adaptive Computation. His model is engineered as a type 2 conference
processor but his convergent inclusion of internal redevelopment
functions is a defining type 1 characteristic. By the time of the 191st
CIICAC type 1 processors would be considered obsolete due to lack of
reversibility.*

>*3 Analysis of firearm use on Pheunten-B shows a preference for weapon
gauges that are comparable to standard plumbing gauges from salvaged
ship engines. Sections of plumbing are used as simple molds to create
cylindrical lead stock. The ammunition produced by this method is of low
quality, not dissimilar from the firearms themselves.*

>*4 Article 15 of the Civility Central Accords prescribes the inalienable
right of the parent in pursuing culturally-appropriate eugenia and
euphysis. The article expounds the nature of Bio-Cultural Autonomy in
Civilized Societies.*