**PENCILS4791 - 3OEH**

Raeisse Ul-Sinouester took a long drag from his vape pen. It would
possibly be only a few more smoke breaks before he would be completely
out of the nicotinol-Super4<sup>1</sup> solution. In the past he had
diluted his supply to stave off withdrawals, to keep himself presentable
for long-haul stellar logistics gigs. It wasn’t his priority now. He had
fallen in love with an obsession. With a mind like a cool mountain
stream he would resolve the mystery of this outpost and reach out to
someone who could bring him back to a civilized planet. Somewhere with
glittering projections, microbial wines, central plumbing and amenable
female bodies. Putting away the vape, he watched a solitary plume of
smoke rising from the east. The nearest town, he presumed. He had
sometimes counted the sparkles of light reflecting off their binoculars
from time to time during his stay. Evidently they were afraid of their
new neighbour and the feeling was quite mutual. He stepped back inside
his laboratory and brought the heavy steel door closed behind him. His
lair was made from corrugated steel plates and I-Beam girders. The
exterior walls were painted with a thick and hardy plastic coating, the
colour of which was a noncommittal seafoam green. It was faded and
cracking at some corners, and the overall look was not dissimilar to the
pale green lichens<sup>2</sup> growing on the southern facing wall.

For the next few hours he tinkered at his computers. When Raeisse had
first found the place he noticed that the previous occupant had begun an
intriguing communications project. The huge aerial was picking up on a
mysterious signal that had defied basic decoding. The initial setup was
procedurally filtering and cross-comparing the signal to a basic set of
transmission protocols: Television, Radio, Internet, Stellarcom, Pathing
and Droid-pings. Recognising the inappropriateness of such an
arrangement he had spent months reformatting and linking the building's
existing server racks to perform a broader analysis. He was using an
innovative analytic-generative model<sup>3</sup> to hone in on the data
stream. Raeisse was a very smart man. The challenge represented a
perfect opportunity to him. Sparkling gems must spill forth from the
toughest geode, was his belief.

There was a small window above a sink on the southern wall of the
building. It was the only window on the ground floor. Someone was
tapping at it. Raeisse’s heart jumped into his throat as he saw some
great mannish shape darkening the warm sunset glow. The figure was
tapping and then waving again periodically, beckoning towards the door.
Raeisse moved his small pistol to his right hand jacket pocket and
gently pulled aside the sliding door with his left.

There were two figures waiting outside. 

The man had brown skin, a bald dome and modest black facial hair, just
starting to turn grey on his upper lip. His smile was warm. He was
dressed in a dark blue raincoat that appeared to have a number of small
electronic parts embedded in it, connected by wires that dived in and
out of the exterior material layer in splashes of crude hand-stitching.
His boots, pants and pack were of an exotic make. The cut and leather of
the boots was not recognisable and the pants and pack were of a thickly
textured brown textile made with a coarse natural fibre. Tiny threads of
yellow, red and orange were mixed into the weave.

The woman was taller than would be seen on any civilized
world<sup>4</sup>, and more strongly built too. Her blonde hair was
shaved close to her head. The graveness of these features contrasted
mightily with her face, which was round in shape with large expressive
eyes and mouth. She was expressing a solemn pout at this time. The
pattern of fading and wearing of her orange rubber jacket clearly
revealed the outline of micro-light armour plates installed into the
inner layers of the garment. Her boots and pants were of a more military
grade, complementing the huge rifle loosely hanging from her shoulder.
Looking closely the pants were of the same material as the mans but dyed
black, and with thin white, green and blue threads.

The bald man spoke.

“Afternoon stranger, I’m Ben and this is my er, fellow traveller, Gonne.
Hope we didn’t scare you y’know. We’ve just seen this place from the
village down that way. To be honest we just wanted to know if we could
check out this building you’ve stumped up in?”

>*1 Having faced regulatory challenges in many systems the development of
Super2 and Super3 serums took place in the Wellyn Amalgamated Planet
League. Black market supplies of these solutions led to social
disordering and eventually the University of New Putt developed Super4
as a safer alternative product.*

>*2 See: Genus Parmotrema lichens*

>*3 Raeisse’s AG model would be considered a type 2 virtual processor by
the standards of the 185th Central Institute Interstellar Conference on
Adaptive Computation. By the time of the 189th CIICAC type 2 processors
would be considered obsolete due to lack of Index-Native functionality.*

>*4 Article 15 of the Civility Central Accords prescribes the legal right
of the parent in pursuing culturally-appropriate eugenia and euphysis.
The article is one of 7 that are hotly contested by Heavenfold Cult
theologians.*