**SPATS10674 - 10XPP**

**Ben** placed a circuit board on the pockmarked wooden bench. The man
opposite him counted out shiny grey packages one by one and placed them
in a small pile. Their contents was meagre supplemental rations: rich
with amino acids, glutinous starch syrup media and fortified with
essential minerals. 

“I picked up that board from a homesteader down Tecker-May valley way.
It was from one of his agro-drones that got caught in a storm. Too much
shit to carry but I knew that main board would turn a price. Been
tinkering it every night as we made our way overland here, cleaning up
some of the connections. Replaced the memory stick too.”

Ben’s eyes and hands wandered freely as he spoke, his body not nervous
but ever-restless<sup>1</sup>.

The man across the bench had ceased his package-counting and was
plugging a handheld black device into the small circuit board. A small
pen was connected to the black device with a wire. Grimy LEDs and a dim
red seven segment display would twitch and change as he touched
different components with the pen-thing. The solder connections were
returning **low resistance**.

“Yeah I saw another storm heading down that way. I think that damned
Hadley cell<sup>2</sup> is collapsing again and sending us northerly
cold fronts. Did this Tecker-May farmer-jay have a name or was he
another stranger?”

He met Ben’s eyes as he said the word ‘stranger’.

“Nah nah well, I think he was legit but he just didn’t talk much. Do you
get, y’know *replacement* problems around here much?”

“Further south mostly. I’m just glad someone is getting something out of
that dirt considering how much topsoil we donate down-river every wet
season. Further north over the range there’s another town. Supposedly
less of the *replacers*. Name of Kart-Peilt. If you’re going that way.”

“We’re headed west. Schlepping up that big hill to check out the
installation there with the **big aerial**. What’s the go with that
anyways?”

The man twisted a knob on the black device and all the LEDs shone green.
He gave a small weak smile and put the tool down.

“We had a good man in there years back. He caught terrible **dysentery**
though and we were between doctors and med supplies. He passed. We
Buried him in the stony eastern plain. Town was smaller then. Lights
came back on about 6 months ago. Some man in a big black jacket stands
outside sometimes, mostly at night. We keep an eye on it with our optics
but **not a soul** in town is man enough to check it out. Just a bad
vibe feeling man.”

Ben raised an eyebrow at the mention of dysentery. He knew that recent
arrivals often get stomach aches when adjusting to the local cuisine of
Pheunten-B, but it had never been the case for him. When he came here
long ago, he already had a gut microbiome so resistant it would make a
hound’s tooth turn.

“Could be good electronics in there<sup>3</sup>. Might turn well aye?”

“Not if you come back here it won’t. I really can’t spare you any more
of these protein rations, I have a kid back in my camp and we don’t
trade in currencies here. As for my fellow noble townsfolk they’re still
uh, tripping over the roots of the tech-tree. They trade in sheep and
dirty jokes. Not much else.”

Ben began placing the grey packages in a large hiking pack, feeling the
texture as he did so. A miserly seller might extend the weight of the
rations with water, but wouldn’t be able to falsify the coarseness of
the grains or the pressure resistance of the glutinous fluid within.

“Know any good dirty sheep jokes?” he cracked a wide grin.

“None you haven’t heard before **stranger**.”

>*1 Three boys all in a line. All dressed up in sickly yellow, with the
heavy ceremony ropes across their backs. The one on the left wiggles and
a rope slips off. Please just keep still, Ben.*

>*2 Two women pull a currach boat ashore in a tremendous windstorm. Their
tatty thin scarves wend like snakes in midair before them. Green needles
and leaves are flung from the trees to the white shore.*

>*3 Eight hundred years ago. Some extractors finish their business. It’s
not good economics to take your waste with you. Ten hundred thousand
litres of tailings and heavy metals. Managed to standard. Aquifer
assessment N/A.*
