**CONSTRUCT9057 - 1OEP**

Ben placed a circuit board on the pockmarked wooden bench. The man
opposite him counted out shiny grey packages one by one and placed them
in a small pile. The edges of each packet were crimped shut with the
surface tightly bonded by a vacuum-seal to its grainy contents.

“I picked up that board from a homesteader down Tecker-May
valley<sup>1</sup> way. It was from one of his agro-drones that got
caught in a storm. Too much shit to carry but I guessed that main board
would fetch me something. Been tinkering it as we made our way overland
here, cleaning up some of the connections. Replaced the memory stick
too.”

Ben’s eyes and hands wandered freely as he spoke. A restless man.

The man across the bench had ceased his package-counting and was
plugging a handheld black device into the small circuit board. A small
pen was connected to the black device with a wire. LEDs and a red seven
segment display would twitch and change as he touched different
components with the pen-thing. Close inspection of the board revealed
the retouched connections had a bronze colour to their soldered
connections. It was evident that **Ben the wanderer** had employed a
home recipe alloy in his repairs. The seller supposed it was likely an
excess of brass, which would offer corrosion resistance for agricultural
machinery working in adverse conditions<sup>2</sup>.

“Yeah I saw another storm heading down that way. Did our Tecker-May
farmer-jay have a name or was he another stranger?”

He met Ben’s eyes as he said the word ‘stranger’.

“Nah nah well, he just didn’t talk much. Do you get, y’know
***replacement*** problems around here much?”

“Further south mostly. Just as well someone is getting something out of
that dirt considering how much topsoil we donate down-river every wet
season. Further north over the range there’s another town. Name of
Kart-Peilt<sup>3</sup>. I heard they have less ***replacers*** if you’re
going that way.”

“We’re headed west. Schlepping up that big hill to check out the
installation there with the big aerial. What’s the go with that
anyways?”

The man twisted a knob on the black device and all the LEDs shone green.
He gave a small weak smile and put the tool down.

“We had a known man in there years back. He caught terrible dysentery
though and we were between doctors and medical supplies. He passed in
his sleep. Town was smaller then. Lights came back on about 6 months
ago. Some man in a big black jacket stands outside sometimes, mostly at
night. We keep an eye on it with our optics but **not a soul** in town
is gutsy enough to check it out. Just a bad feeling man.”

The huge black aerial antenna was the visually defining feature of the
local region. With most of the valley mountains distant and low, the
**abrupt and artificial vertical structure** was eye-catching even when
seen through the cracks in the tree canopy of the forested parts of the
north-south path. It could be presumed that most residents would see it
above them every day.

“Could be rare electronics in there. Might turn well aye?”

“Not if you come back here it won’t. I can’t spare you any more of these
protein rations, I have a kid back in my camp and we don’t trade in
currencies here. As for my fellow noble townsfolk they’re still uh,
tripping over the roots of the tech-tree. They trade in sheep and dirty
jokes. Not much else.”

Ben began placing the grey packages in a large hiking pack, feeling the
weight of each one as he went.

“Know any good dirty sheep jokes<sup>4</sup>?” he cracked a wide grin.

“None you haven’t heard before **stranger**.”

>*1 Tecker-May Valley: A small mostly forested valley in the southern
half of the Great Quakpos Formal mountain ranges. Settlement estimate
0.03, site of intermittent para-farming.*

>*2 Observations of Pheunten-B farming practices show crude small scale
agricultural activity at best. Poor to nil local production of
technology incentivizes the use of reusable machinery maintained with
scrap parts.*

>*3 Kart-Peilt: Settlement estimate 0.15, replacement incidence
indeterminate.*

>*4 Jokes of a sexual nature regarding the pastoral families Bovidae and
Camelidae*