**FASCINATOR594 - 8XER**

**Ben** placed a circuit board on the pockmarked wooden bench. The man
opposite him counted out shiny grey packages and placed them in a small
pile. Their contents was survival food: rich with amino acids, glutinous
starch syrup media and fortified with essential minerals.

“I picked up that board from a homesteader down **Tecker-May
valley**<sup>1</sup> way. It was from one of his agro-drones that got
caught in a storm. Too much shit to carry but I knew that main board
would turn over well. Been tinkering it every night as we made our way
overland here, cleaning up some of the connections. Replaced the memory
stick too.”

Ben’s eyes and hands wandered freely as he spoke, his body not nervous
but ever-restless.

The man across the bench had ceased his package-counting and was
plugging a handheld black device into the small circuit board. A small
pen was connected to the black device with a wire. LEDs and a red seven
segment display would twitch and change as he touched different
components with the pen-thing. The solder connections were returning low
resistance<sup>2</sup>.

“Yeah I saw a huge storm heading down that way. I think that damned
Hadley cell is collapsing again and sending us northerly cold fronts.
Did our Tecker-May farmer-jay have a name or was he another stranger?”

He met Ben’s eyes as he said the word ‘stranger’.

“Nah nah well, I think he was legit but he just didn’t talk much. Do you
get, y’know *replacement* problems around here much?”

“Further south mostly. I’m just glad someone is getting something out of
that dirt considering how much topsoil<sup>3</sup> we donate down-river
every wet season. Further north over the range there’s another town well
away from any *replacers*. Name of Kart-Peilt. If you’re going that
way.”

“We’re headed west. Schlepping up that big hill to check out the
installation there with **the big aerial**. What’s the go with that
anyways?”

The man twisted a knob on the black device and all the LEDs shone green.
He gave a small weak smile and put the tool down.

“We had a good man in there years back. He caught terrible dysentery
though and we were between doctors and med supplies. He passed in his
sleep. Town was smaller then. Lights came back on about 6 months ago.
Some man in a big black jacket stands outside sometimes, mostly at
night. We keep an eye on it with our optics but not a soul in town is
gutsy enough to check it out. Just a bad vibe feeling man.”

Ben raised an eyebrow at the mention of **dysentery.** He knew that
recent arrivals often get stomach aches when adjusting to the local
cuisine of Pheunten-B, but it had never been the case for him. When he
came here long ago, he already had a gut microbiome so vibrant and
resistant it would make a hound’s tooth<sup>4</sup> blush.

“Could be good electronics in there. Might turn well aye?”

“Not if you come back here it won’t. I can’t spare you any more of these
protein rations, I have a kid back in my camp and we don’t trade in
currencies here. As for my fellow noble townsfolk they’re still uh,
tripping over the roots of the tech-tree. They trade in sheep and dirty
jokes. Not much else.”

Ben began placing the grey packages in a large hiking pack, feeling the
texture as he did so. A dodgy seller might extend the weight of the
rations with water, but wouldn’t be able to falsify the coarseness of
the grains or the pressure resistance of the glutinous fluid within.

“Know any good dirty sheep jokes?” he cracked a wide grin.

“None you haven’t heard before **stranger**.”

>*1 Tecker-May Valley: A small mostly forested valley in the southern
half of the Great Quakpos Formal mountain ranges. Settlement estimate
0.03, site of intermittent para-farming.*

>*2 V = IR where V represents voltage I represents current and R
represents resistance. Critical knowledge for basic electronics.*

>*3 Soil in the riverine lowlands of the Great Quakpos Formal range is of
a generally acrisol character with marginally sub-toxic accumulation of
aluminium. Erosion rates are high in the uppermost ranges.*

>*4 Many animals such as reptiles and canines become famed for a
bacterially infective bite, in most cases however it is exposure of
animal food sources to urban waste that causes the accumulation of
pathogenic bacteria.*