**SHIRK3960 - 3OEH**

**Ben** placed a circuit board on the pockmarked wooden bench. The man
opposite him counted out glossy grey packages and placed them in a small
pile. The edges of each packet were crimped shut with the surface
tightly bonded by a vacuum-seal to its grainy contents.

“I picked up that board from a homesteader down Tecker-May
valley<sup>1</sup> way. It was from one of his agro-drones that got
caught in a storm. Too much shit to carry but I knew someone would like
the main board. Been tinkering it every night as we made our way
overland here, cleaning up some of the connections. Replaced the memory
stick too.”

Ben’s eyes and hands wandered freely as he spoke, his body not nervous
but ever-restless.

The man across the bench had ceased his package-counting and was
plugging a handheld black device into the small circuit board. A small
pen was connected to the black device with a wire. Green LEDs and a
cherry red seven segment display would twitch and change as he touched
different components with the pen-thing. Close inspection of the board
revealed the retouched connections had a bronze colour to their soldered
connections. It was evident that **wandering Ben** had employed a home
recipe alloy in his repairs. The seller supposed it was likely an excess
of brass, which would offer admirable corrosion resistance for
agricultural machinery doing tough work<sup>2</sup>.

“Yeah I saw a storm heading down that way. Did our Tecker-May farmer-jay
have a name or was he another stranger?”

He met Ben’s eyes as he said the word ‘stranger’.

“Nah nah well, I think he was legit. He just didn’t talk much. Do you
get, y’know ***replacement*** problems around here much?”

“Further south mostly. I’m just glad someone is getting something out of
that dirt considering how much topsoil we donate down-river every wet
season. Further north over the range there’s another town well away from
any ***replacers***. Name of Kart-Peilt<sup>3</sup>. If you’re going
that way.”

“We’re headed west. Schlepping up that big hill to check out the outpost
there with the big aerial. What’s the go with that anyways?”

The man twisted a knob on the black device and all the LEDs shone green.
He gave a **weary smile** and put the tool down.

“We had a good man in there years back. He caught a tragic dysentery
though and we were between doctors and medical supplies. He passed in
his sleep I think. Town was smaller then. Lights came back on about 6
months ago. A fella in a big black jacket stands outside sometimes,
mostly at night. We keep an eye on it with our optics but not a soul in
town is gutsy enough to check it out. Just a bad vibe feeling man.”

The huge black **aerial antenna** was the visually defining feature of
the local region. With most of the valley mountains distant and low, the
abrupt and artificial vertical structure was eye-catching even when seen
through the gaps in the tree canopy in the forested parts of the
north-south path. It could be presumed that most residents would see it
and the little building upon which it stood, every day.

“Could be good electronics in there. Might turn well aye?”

“Not if you come back here it won’t. I just can’t spare you any more of
these protein rations, I have a little kid back in my camp and we don’t
trade in currencies here. As for my fellow townsfolk they’re still uh,
tripping over the roots of the tech-tree. They trade in sheep and dirty
jokes. Not much else.”

Ben began placing the grey packages in a large hiking pack, feeling the
weight of each one as he went.

“Know any good dirty sheep jokes<sup>4</sup>?” he cracked a wide grin.

“None you haven’t heard before **stranger**.”

>*1 Tecker-May Valley: A small mostly forested valley in the southern
half of the Great Quakpos Formal mountain ranges. Settlement estimate
0.03, site of intermittent para-farming.*

>*2 Observations of Pheunten-B farming practices show unique small scale
agricultural activity. Poor to nil local production of technology
inspires the use of durable reusable machinery maintained with recycled
parts.*

>*3 Kart-Peilt: Settlement estimate 0.15, replacement incidence
indeterminate.*

>*4 Jokes of a sexual nature regarding the pastoral families Bovidae and
Camelidae. There’s a great one from the southern tribes about a groom
and a yak but the pun doesn’t translate to your language. Probably.*